[Music]
Well there's one thing that we're going to
clarify okay I had it
exactly Caribe the one that the people were enjoying
was him not the people that the
young really is that lamentable
lamentable another thing I can't say what
yes let's clarify one thing and it is that it
seems that if there is a way to prove
that the tweet that he posted about chocar and
gameplay is a fake okay and in this thread
it seems it can be dismantled let's
see because I was looking
over yesterday and I looked more or less it
convinced me okay maybe it doesn't matter
because a tweet the twitter and
gameplay
is fake
is the least of it with all the others
good little boobs okay it's the least of it
with the 800 that there are okay because there are
some that are real and that even
have audiences today
but well this one in particular
seems to be yes frei no and about
the issue of chocas about the tweet that
says it's fake in reference to
argem plate's boobs as far as I think I
'm correct but if it weren't like
that and someone corrects me go ahead this
is  the famous capture okay good
lolas chiki we can realize
one thing the person who uses twitter
has it in English and that's why it doesn't
show when katy publishes the tweet
because we only know that it was on the 7th
between six fifteen in the afternoon and
12 in the country that corresponds to that
time okay
twitter for iphone has it in English ok
March 7 ok
okay now if from a mobile phone in Spain we
take screenshots it tells us that the photo
was uploaded on the 8th okay I say this
too and I realized that it said the
8th of course but I also realized that it
was because of him that it was 12 it
was twelve so in Spain in
front
if you do it from Spain it is 12 at
night but in Mexico it is not yet
12 so in other parts of the
world you take the screenshot and this photo
is uploaded on the 7th
okay there was a thread that proved that it
was real the gossip of tubero ají posted it
there are two and we are going to see the arguments
of each one
let's see  the arguments of each one
which means that if at 2:17 on
Tuesday the 8th which would actually be the
night of the 7th for the gentleman of the
capture to appear in the comment the
casting took place on the 7th the
comment had to be made between a quarter past
six
and twelve in his country
exactly exactly
that in Spain it would have been between 12
and the ballet let's
see
but of course we don't know in which country it
is
the argument of this thread is good but it
is not 100% because we do not know in which
country it is it is that we do
not know in which country it is
look at the argument of this one and it is not the
next one it is
good the argument is well
worked out but it falls apart in a moment
for one thing look at it brings about the issue of
time okay basically here what it
does to you is let's see if it is between 12
if it is between twelve it
is that it is not clear in the capture
the time
of the tweet does not appear
but it does appear that it is within the 7 of course
or so let's see look in the capture it appears in the capture
that it appears at 6 in
the afternoon
on the day  7 your bear and the tweets are
fine but since the comment is still on
the 7th there
are only
5 hours and 45 minutes
in which he could have made this
comment
5 hours and 47 minutes okay
in Spain it
was 2:17
therefore
khatibi
would have had to have made the comment
--Spanish time--
between 12:00 and 17:00 until
around six in the morning no
here you have the exact time which is
6:17 okay what is happening
that day
choca
on March 7th the
string was there for
10 hours
okay
here you can see
that when he had been there for an hour and 28 minutes
the clock went up and it was ten to
ten at night of
course but the whole of March 7th I
understand that it was March 7th and it ends on
March 8th no in
total this live stream that choca did on
March 7th
ended
at six twenty
so if he did it he did it while
live
no
therefore it is not no I
think we are not
going to see it in the other one and we are going to
do it argued  the other and I clarify
according to this argument
according to this schedule it is true that I do not
know if you have checked if it is true
that this wheat is on the 7th
we can see that in the
chocas live on the channel no no because
destroying it they are deleted at least March 7
March
7 March 7
the chocas
videos
then I have the full camera I have it is
not possible no March 7 we would have to
go
see see the whole
last month
less than a month
23 days it
comes out in the pink gazette or in other words it is this 20
20 days ago we are it does
not give you the date here in your
[ __ ] it is that I give you the date we
said that the hour 28 it
depends well if you leave the magician on top 7
puts the date the magician on top of where it
really puts it
now been to put
March 8 well I do
not know what to tell you well I will say the
same shirt on the 6th which would be the
7th that the 8th 11 March 7 is this
live that lasts 10 hours and it is this
yes it is this day that lasts 10 hours  this
summer we said that the hour and 28
leave the clock
if look there you have it
clear on March 7 it
is clear that then in the 8c if the
accounts of the girls of the thread are correct I
had searched for the chip on youtube I do not
know what it is
[Music] let's
see what the other thread says
but according to this according to this thread the one who
asked
how disgusting gives her
a kiss beautiful thank you very much
where did you put the gossip youtuber or
whatever
from ccoo and thank you very much
where I bet
in thread the gossip let's see here in this
video do reveals the truth of the tweet
of chocas towards the gameplay this has
planned to implement
adult content in a section this much more what we will
have today moving on to
this next last news which is
about a thread that was made precisely
on twitter about socas and about the
tweet that he put about dj place and it is
quite interesting let me
comment on it because it is quite
relevant to comment on something like this in
this sense which I did and about the
subject of soca about the tweet that he
says is false in  reference to the
lolas of PRI origin as far as I believe
this precisely here the time in which I
know how the capture or well the time of the
live that was at that moment the
same crash yes at 10 hours and 9 the
same of the demolished family family
to see yes
to take a nap and tell the water that he drinks
to say to say look it's a little bit of the
water that you see with your family you
know and you owe a little bit to see if you
look a little bit of the water that
the gentleman drinks I say it
and I realized this thread because I didn't
feel that all some how much the other
day that good family listening to me I
think it's probably a lie to
see the only possibility that is that he
did it during the live broadcast it would always
seem like a lot of cloth to me let's
see yes it's true
that the other day he had the account open while he was live but that you are live pending that I don't know what it would be during the whole live broadcast that the crash apologizes they will edit said the tweet that I put to efe ah well I don't know in the brain if quiet way it doesn't
matter that it's the one that
that live broadcast or that  That tweet, sorry,
whether that tweet is real or fake is the
least of it, but if the ones that are
real or disgusting are equally, I mean, that it would
save him if that one were
fake, maybe he would look good with
Juanico horario
because otherwise, I don't
know, the truth is
that I left Chosas, they should expose
how many big accounts there are and learn what happens to
me, for us, the sixth one is
supported
[Music]